docs: update dart frog description (#818)
flutter/news_toolkit: docs/docs/overview.md

```

:::info

> [Dart Frog][dart_frog_link] is a stable, fast, minimalistic backend framework for Dart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Dart Frog][dart_frog_link] is a fast, minimalistic backend framework for Dart. It is stable as of [v0.1.0](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/dart_frog/releases/tag/dart_frog-v0.1.0).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Looks like we need to format the docs (probably some whitespace issue). Lmk if you need help 👍

> You'll use Dart Frog as a [backend for frontends (BFF)](https://medium.com/mobilepeople/backend-for-frontend-pattern-why-you-need-to-know-it-46f94ce420b0), which allows you to connect your existing backend to the Flutter News Template frontend. Dart Frog reduces the barrier for entry for all publishers, despite backend, and brings your app to market faster without required UI modifications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll use Dart Frog as a [backend for frontends (BFF)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/backends-for-frontends), which allows you to connect your existing backend to the Flutter News Template frontend. Dart Frog reduces the barrier for entry for all publishers, despite backend, and brings your app to market faster without required UI modifications. 
```
